10/25/17 6pm
Created inital files, copying them directly from an old exercise so it will be really easy to link the .js file.
Thought about using JavaScript canvas, but I've used similar things to make games before and I want to go in a direction with more html. I've settled on making the little known logic game, 2,4,6, and hope that the complexity of my project will come from the number of cases and how stuff is handled in the dom.
Created css folder and file, gotta organize those somehow!
Skeletoned HTML file with divs.
Pushed changes in order to have something represented on github.

10/26/17  8:41 pm
Returning to this problem since problem d of our weekly exercises has been pretty stop and go for me and I think I'll be able to work on this at a more consistent pace.
I'm scaffolding out my HTMl page more. I feel like I'm making a ton of classes and IDs, but I just want to make sure that I can access my different elements easily. As I make these IDs, etc, I'm writing them in my .css file to try to keep it organized.


10/27/17 9 am
Now I'm looking into how to check if the user understands what the logic of each level is. My approach to this is to generate several test cases and have the user say which ones work and don't. I'm removing other items on the screen to try to confuse the user less when the test cases pop up. I hope that way they will be focused on the test cases and not distracted by other game critical buttons they could be pressing.


10/27/17 5 pm
I've worked on the project intermittently throughout the day, some in lab, mostly in between classes. I've gotten the test cases to work for when the user is being tested to see if they understand the pattern. Next up, keep track of levels and make the level change when you finish the current level by using .click() or calling the change level function. I really need to organize my code, but TBH I'm going to do that last since I'm going on 300 lines of code and it makes it harder for me to find stuff if I organize it now. I just noticed that my Level # is not changing when I change levels -- time to fix that! I needed some way to tell the user that their guesses were wrong, so I am using a confirm() popup in JS that will also let them change their answers to the logic puzzle. In order to make a timer, I am getting the total time spent on the page.

For complexity, maybe I'll make a hard mode where base cases are always hidden.

Sort of took a break from harder coding to create number cases for the game.

For some reason some of my inputs weren't always being interpreted as integers, so I wrapped some of them with parseInt(). This was the best bug because I only noticed it when I invited a housemate to try my game.


10/28/17
Made the modal work. Somehow it magically worked when I opened the page after not being able to make it work yesterday. So it goes. Made it so the modal will either reset the game of the state or keep current answers/guesses, since my game doesn't have great replay value.

I almost forgot to change the level buttons back to their uncompleted state at the end of the game. Woops.

10/29/17
Spent lots of scattered hours working on this. I mostly focused first on making basic cases with the dominoes work. Then I moved on/ got distracted by kind of fancy elements, such as making a framework for the dominoes to be able to change color and letting the user input functions to make their own game cases. I've probably spent 8-10 hours on this since my last entry. :') rip

To do: add instructions for when the user is testing their knowledge.
Display what the rule was after a user completes a level.
Add favicon!
Color change ability
